CO-PUBLISHING AGREEMENTCO-PUBLISHING AGREEMENT made this 	 day of 			 19	, in 				 by the First Party:								 and the Second Party:											FIRST PARTY AND SECOND PARTY AGREE to co-publish together a musical composition entitled:										, words and music written by:										.1.  First Party and Second Party agree to CO-PUBLISH the composition on a fifty fifty (50-50) basis:  First Party to receive fifty (50%) percent, and Second Party to receive fifty (50%) percent of any and all of the publishing receipts of said composition, SUBSEQUENT TO PAYMENT of all writer royalties; costs of COPYRIGHT and USAGE REGISTRATION; printing and any and all miscellaneous, normal expenses incurred in behalf of said composition. Any extraordinary expenses will not be incurred by either party without the written consent of the other; (i.e., advertising, publicity, promotional expenses).2.  Public Performance Rights in and to the composition will be assigned to and licensed by BROADCAST MUSIC, INC. BMI is here authorized to pay directly to each of the publishers the following:  (a) First Party, 50%; (b) Second Party, 50%.3.  The composition is to be copyrighted in the joint names of the parties hereto, and the composition's joint ownership, under the terms of this agreement, shall be for the life of the copyright and of any renewal of the copyright and of any renewal terms anywhere in the world. Sheet music, folios, record labels, orchestrations, and all other printed material concerning the composition shall bear the names of both publishers.4.  Second Party agrees that First Party shall issue all licenses for the mechanical reproduction, and synchronization uses of said composition throughout the world, and for sub-publication rights to said composition throughout the world in behalf of both parties.5.  It is further agreed that First Party shall be held accountable to Second Party and the composer(s), and First Party agrees to make statements and payments to Second Party and composer(s), within forty-five (45) days after June 30th and December 31st of each calendar year.FIRST PARTY:												SECOND PARTY:												WITNESS: