                               EXCLUSIVE ARTIST AGREEMENTTHIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into at ____________________ by and between:COMPANY: (hereinafter referred to as "COMPANY")-and-ARTIST: (hereinafter referred to as "ARTIST")DATE: WHEREAS, COMPANY is in the business of producing, exploiting, distributing and marketing Phonograph Records, and WHEREAS, ARTIST is a vocalist and performer and is interested in having COMPANY produce phonograph recordings and audio visual devices embodying ARTISTâs performances and to exploit, distribute and market same in an many parts of the work as may be economically and commercially practical.NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations and warranties and mutual promises hereinafter set forth it is agreed as follows:1.DEFINITIONS (a)"Advance" - a prepayment of royalties. Company may recoupAdvances from royalties to be paid to or on behalf of you pursuant to this or any other Agreement. (b)"Album" or "LP" - one or more twelve-inch 33 1/3 rpm records, or the equivalent, at least thirty-five (35) minutes in playing time, sold in a single package. (c)"Audiophile" records - (other than video-records) marketed in specially priced catalogue series by reason of their superior sound quality or other distinctive technical or artistic characteristics. (All records made for digital playback are audiophile records.) (d)"Budget Line" - a record bearing a suggested retail list price which is at least three dollars ($ 3.00) or more less than the suggested retail list price of the top line records embodying performances of pop artists released by Company or its Licensees in the Territory concerned.(e)"Compact Disc" - a laser (video) read disk containing performances of one or more musical compositions. (f)"Compositions" - a single musical compositions, irrespective of length, including all spoken words and bridging passages and including a medley. (g)"Controlled Composition" - a Composition wholly or partly written, owned or controlled by you or any other Person to whom you are related or in whose business affairs you have a direct or indirect interest. (h)"Disco or 12 "Single" - a disc of not less than twelve (12) inches in diameter, or the equivalent in a non-disc configuration, and having not less than five (5) minutes in playing time, sold in a single package. (i)"Inception of Recording" - the first recording of performance or other sounds with a view to the eventual fixation of a Master Recording. "Master Recordings From The Inception of Recording" include, without limitation, all rehearsal recordings, "outtakes", and other preliminary or alternate versions of sound recordings which are created during the production of Master Recordings made under this Agreement. (j)"License" or "licensee" - includes, without limitation, subsidiaries, wholly or partly owned, and other divisions of Company or its licensee is). (k)"Master Recording" - every recording of sound, whether or not coupled with a visual image, by any method and on any substance or material, whether now or hereafter known, which is used or useful in the recording, production and/or manufacture of records or video-records. A "Master Recording" shall be a master recording made hereunder embodying your performance. (I)"Matrix" - any device now or hereafter used, directly or indirectly, in the manufacture of records and which is derived from a Master Recording. (m)"Mid-priced Line" - a record bearing a suggested retail list price which is at least two dollars ($2.00) but no more than two dollars and ninety-nine cents ( $2.99) less than the suggested retail list price of the top line records embodying performances of pop artists released by Company or its licenses in the Territory concerned. (n)"Multiple Record Set" - an Album containing two (2) or more 12-inch 33 1/3 rpm records packaged as a single unit, or the equivalent. (o) "Net Sales" - ninety (90%) percent of gross sales for which Company receives payment and which are not returned or for which an exchange is not made; however, if any licensee pays Company upon a lesser amounts of Net Sales, then for records of video-records sold by that licensee such lesser percentage shall be applicable. (p)"Person" and "Party" - any individual, corporation, partnership, association or other organized group of persons or legal successors or representative of the foregoing. (q)"Records" and "Party" - any individual, corporation, partnership, association or other organized group of persons or legal successors or representatives of the foregoing. (r)"Recording Costs" - all amounts representing direct expenses paid or incurred by Company in connection with the production of Master Recordings under this Agreement which are customarily considered "recording costs" in the record industry. Recording Costs include, without limitation, the amounts referred to in Paragraph 5, travel, food, transportation, music videos, rehearsal, and equipment rental expenses, advances and/or fees paid to producers, payments to directors, choreographers, engineers, lighting personnel, scenic designers, costumers, all other technical and creative personnel, studio and engineering expenses in connection with Companyâs facilities and personnel otherwise, the costs of mastering and remixing, and the costs of lacquer, copper and other equivalent masters, and immigration clearances. (s) "Restricted Composition" - for the purpose hereof, is a composition which shall have been recorded by you fro a Master Recording made under this Agreement or any other agreement with Company. (t)"Single" - a disc Record of seven (7) or twelve (12) inches in diameter, or the equivalent in a non-disc configuration, containing not more than two sides. (u)"Suggested Retail List Price" (i)the suggested retail list price in, at Companyâs election, the country of manufacture or sale of records sold in he United States and in any other country where company manufactures and sell records for its own account as opposed to licensing such rights to third parties; and, for records sold elsewhere, the suggested retail list price in the country of manufacture or sale, whichever shall be the basis upon which Company is paid by its licensees (exclusive of all taxes, discounts, duties and packaging). In those countries where a suggested retail list price is not permitted or widely used, the term "suggested retail list price" shall mean the generally accepted retail list price in that country. The suggested retail list price for records sold by third parties under Companyâs authority or permission shall be that upon which companyâs royalties are calculated.(ii)Notwithstanding (i) immediately above, Company may change the method by which it computes royalties (for some or all of the Territory) from a method based on suggested retail list prices to some other method, (the "New Method"). If Company adopts a New Method, such New Method shall be deemed incorporated herein in lieu of the present method of computing royalties with respect to all records derived from the masters thereafter sold, ran appropriate reference in respect to the New Method shall replace the current references to the suggested retail list price, and the royalty rates provided for herein shall be adjusted to the appropriate royalty which would be applied to the New Method so that upon the first change to the New Method, the dollars and cents royalty amounts payable with respect to the top-line Albums being sold by company (or its Licensees) would be identical to that which was payable immediately prior to such change. All other royalty rates shall be proportionately adjusted. The royalty adjustments to be made pursuant to this Paragraph shall be based on net dollars and cents royalty amounts and shall take into account any factors (including, without limitation, Companyâs (or its Licenseesâ) regular "free goods" policies before and after Companyâs adoption of the New Method affecting such net royalty amounts.(v)"Video-record" - a video-cassette, video-disc or functionally similar technology, whether now or hereafter known, capable of emitting aural and visual signals simultaneously and intended for use in the home with electronic or mechanical playback equipment. (i)Unless otherwise specified in the Agreement, a MasterRecording shall consist of a continuous performance of a particular arrangement or version of Composition, and shall be not less than three (3) minutes in playing time. If any album (or other group of Master Recordings) produced by, or produced hereunder in partial or complete fulfillment of a Recording Commitment expressed as a number of sides or Masters include Master Recordings of more than one (1) arrangement or version of nay Composition, all of those recording will be deemed to constitute one (1) side or one (1) Master.    (ii)an audio-visual Master Recording made hereunder, though sometimes referred to in this Agreement as a "Master Recording", shall not apply in reduction of Your Recording Commitment hereunder.    (x)"Wholesale price" - the wholesale royalty base price at whichCompany is accounted to by its Licensees, if applicable.2.TERM FOR INDEPENDENT DISTRIBUTION In the event that company is effecting the distribution of records embodying your performance hereunder in the United States directly or through so-called "independent distributors" who purchase finished records from Company and resell them, then the following subparagraphs of this Paragraph 1 shall define the "Term" hereof: (a)The term hereof (Term) shall consist of an initial period (Initial contract Period) ending on the latter of (i) one (1) year, commencing upon the date hereof, or, (ii) that date which is six (6) months following the date Company has completed the Master Recordings which comprise your Recording Commitment for that Contract Period, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. (b)You hereby irrevocably grant to Company four (4) separate consecutive options to extend the Term for a "Second", "Third", "Fourth" and "Fifth" contract Period respectively. Each such exercised Contract Period shall commence on the date immediately following the end of the preceding Contract Period, and shall end on the latter of: (i) one year thereafter, or, (ii) that date which is six (6) months following the date upon which Company completes Master Recordings which comprise Your recording Commitment for the Contract Period, unless sooner terminated, extended or suspended as provided herein. Each such option shall be deemed to be exercised by Company unless company shall give you notice to the contrary prior to the date that the then current contract Period would otherwise expire.(c)The Initial contract Period together with any exercised OptionContract Periods, if any, rights for which are exercised by Company, shall be referred to as the Term. 3.APPLICATION OF DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (a)If at any time during the Term hereof (i) company enters into an agreement with a third party record distribution company (the "Distribution Company") under which records embodying your performances are to be manufactured and sold in the United States (a "Distribution Agreement") by such third party and (ii) the terms of the Distribution Agreement require that Company deliver to the Distribution Company rights relating to or derived from you which are different from those contained in this Agreement, then such different terms in the Distribution agreement shall nevertheless be deemed a part of this Agreement during the Term of the Distribution Agreement even if he result is that obligations imposed upon you differ from and/or are more difficult for you to perform that those set forth in this Agreement. Such Distribution Agreement may not, however, impose terms less favorable to you than those offered by this Agreement.It is the intention of the parties that:(i)The Term of this Agreement shall be deemed to be identical in length to the term of the Distribution Agreement. In no event shall the Term hereof expire or terminate prior to the expiration of the Distribution Agreement between Company and the Distribution Company. If the Distribution Company shall exercise an option to extend the term of the Distribution Agreement or to suspend the term thereof, the Term hereof shall automatically deemed suspended or extended for an equal period of time. (ii)If the term of the Distribution Agreement shall expire or be terminated, the Term hereof shall nevertheless continue for an additional period of six (6) months during which the Company shall have the exclusive right to secure a new Distribution Agreement (a "Successor Distribution Agreement"). If Company shall enter into a Successor Distribution Agreement, then the term hereof shall continue for a period of time identical to the complete term of the Successor Distribution Agreement and shall end on the same day as the Successor Distribution Agreement. In no event shall the Term hereof expire or terminate prior to the expiration of the Successor Distribution Agreement. If the Successor Distribution Company shall exercise an option to extend the term of the Successor Distribution Agreement or to suspend the term thereof, the Term hereof shall automatically be deemed suspended or extended for an equal period of time. (iii)In the event that the Distribution agreement shall expire or be terminated and Company does not enter into a Successor Distribution Agreement, company may, at its election, continue to record Master Recordings embodying Artistâs performances for the longer of the unconsumed balance of the Term hereof as set forth herein or the unconsumed balance of the term of the Distribution Agreement and to itself exploit the Master Recordings made hereunder.(iv)In no event, however, shall the Artist be bound to record Master Recordings hereunder for a period which is of greater duration than the current maximum legally acceptable term applicable to personal service agreements under the statutes of the State the laws of which are being utilized to construe this Agreement. 4.SERVICESDuring the Term of this Agreement, Artist shall render exclusively to Company throughout the world Artistâs services as a recording artist for the purpose of making Master Recordings and as otherwise set forth herein. For the purposes hereof, "services as a recording artist" shall mean and include, but shall not be limited to, the rendering of performances fixed by any method, mode or device, whether now known hereafter developed, regardless of whether such method, mode and/or device is capable of fixing sound alone or sound fixed together with visual images. 5.RECORDING COMMITMENT (a)If there is no Distribution Agreement in effect: (i)During each Contract Period of the Term, Company shall record and you will perform for the recording of master Recordings sufficient to constitute two (2) Singles (the "minimum Recording Commitment") with, at Companyâs request, dub mixes, Disco or 12 Single mixes and other variations of the Compositions embodied therein. (ii)During each Contract Period, Company shall have the right to require that you render services and perform for the recording of a number of Master Recordings in addition to the Minimum Recording Commitment applicable to that Contract Period sufficient to comprise two (2) LPs (the "Overcall Recordings").  companyâs option for the Overcall Recording may be exercised by Company at any time by sending you notice at any time before the end of the Contract Period concerned. Any request for Overcall Recordings shall be for the number of Master Recordings or Sides designated by Company, in increments determined by Company.  Nothing contained herein shall be construed so as to require Company to release an LP. The Minimum Recording Commitment taken together with the Overcall Recordings requested for any Contract Period hereof shall be referred to as "Your Recording Commitment". (b)If a Distribution Agreement is in effect, then you shall record no less than a number of Master Recordings as the Distribution Company shall require delivered (also referred to as "Your Recording Commitment" herein). (c)Each time Company notifies you that it requests you to record MasterRecordings hereunder, you will complete you performances for the requested MasterRecordings within one (1) month following Companyâs notice to you that it requires same, or within the time frame required by the Distribution Company.6.RECORDING PROCEDURE (a)In connection with Master Recordings to be made hereunder, the following matters shall be determined by Company:(i)selection of the producer: (ii)selection of material to be recorded (including the number of Compositions to be recorded): (iii)selection of the dates of recording and the studio where recording is to take place, including the cost of recording therein; (iv)the scheduling and booking of all studio time; (v)the recording budget therefore; (vi)the selection of arrangers, musicians, background vocalists, copyists, contractors, engineers and all other technical personnel;  (vii)the designation of compositions to be released on Singles, Disco-Singles; and Albums: (viii)all artwork used in advertising materials, promotional materials, record sleeves and record jackets; and  (ix)all other creative elements to be utilized or embodied in recording activity conducted hereunder or to promote the records derived form the Masters. (b)Each Master Recording made hereunder shall be subject toCompanyâ s approval as commercially and technically satisfactory for the manufacture and sale of records. You agree to re-record each Composition until Company is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that a Master has been produced which is technically and commercially satisfactory for the manufacture and sale of records. You shall be deemed not to have completed your services in respect of any Master made hereunder until Company has acknowledged in writing that a Master has been so produced.(c)You shall be available to perform at all recording sessions scheduled hereunder provided that you have been given not less than sever (7) days prior notice of session times, dates and places. (d)No Composition recorded hereunder and no Master fixing that performance shell apply in reduction of Your Recording commitment to Company if it is of a ãlive performanceä, a Joint Recording, of a Composition previously recorded by you, or of a Composition which you are legally prohibited from recording. In the event Company requests or accepts as part of your recording commitment a Multiple Record Set, same shall be deemed to be a number of Masters sufficient to comprise only one (1)LP for the purposes of Your Recording Commitment hereunder. (e)Any Masters which are not recorded in all respects in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof shall not, unless Company otherwise consents in writing, apply toward the fulfillment of Your Recording Commitment hereunder.  Furthermore, in the event that Company shall make any payments with respect to non-complying Masters, and such non-compliance is the result of acts or omissions on your part, then you shall, upon Companyâs demand, promptly reimburse Company for any such payments. If you shall fail to reimburse Company, Company shall, in addition to all of Companyâs other rights and remedies in such event, have the right to deduct an amount equal to such payments from any payable by Company to you hereunder or under any other agreement between you and your affiliated companies and Company or its affiliated companies. (f)If you or any Person retained by you or under your control shall for any reason whatsoever delay the commencement of completion of, or be unavailable for, any rehearsal or recording session, or fail to perform in a professional manner at any such session, you shall, upon Companyâs demand, promptly reimburse Company for any expenses or charges actually incurred or paid by Company by reason thereof. If you fail to so reimburse Company, in addition to any and all of Companyâs other rights and remedies, shall have the right to deduct an amount equal to such expenses or charges from any moneys payable by Company to you hereunder or under any other agreement between you and Company or its affiliated companies. 7.RECOUPAB LE AND REIMBURSABLE COSTS. (a)In the event that Company becomes a signatory to a collective bargaining agreement with any labor organization having jurisdiction of recording hereunder, Company shall pay to you minimum union scale payments required to be made to you under agreements between Company and applicable collective bargaining organizations with which Company is affiliated. Company shall also pay ail costs of instrumental, vocal and other personnel specifically approved by Company for the recording of Master recordings made hereunder, and all other amounts required to be paid by Company pursuant to any applicable law or any collective bargaining agreement between Company and any union representing persons who render services in connection with such Master Recordings. (b)All amounts described in Paragraph 7 (a) above plus those referred to in Paragraph 4(s) hereof are herein sometimes called "Recording Costs" and shall constitute Advances. Payments to the AFM Special Payments Fund and the Music Performance Trust Fund based upon record sales (so-called "pre-record royalties") shall not constitute Advances. (c)The amounts applicable to any Joint Recording which are payable by you or chargeable against your royalties under this Paragraph will be computed by apportionment as provided in Paragraph 11 (e) (ii). 8.ADDITIONAL ADVANCES.All moneys paid to or on behalf of you during the Term of this Agreement, inclusive of advertising and promotional expenses incurred by Company but excluding royalties paid pursuant to Paragraph 11, shall constitute Advances unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by an authorized officer of Company.9.RIGHTS IN RECORDINGS.(a)Each Master and or Audio-visual Recording made under thisAgreement or during its Term, from the Inception of Recording, will be considered a "work made for hire" for Company or its assignees or designees. If a such Master Recording is determined not to be a work made for hire it will be deemed transferred to Company by you. All such Master Recordings and all matrices and records manufactured from them, together with the performances embodied on them, shall be the sole property of Company, its assignees and successors in perpetuity, free from any claims by you or any other person; and Company shall have the exclusive right to or any other person; and Company shall have the exclusive right to copyright those Master Recordings in its name as the author and owner of them and to secure any and all renewals and extensions of such copyright throughout the world. You will execute and deliver to Company such instruments of transfer and other documents regarding the rights of Company in the Master Recordings subject to this Agreement as Company may reasonably request to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, and Company may sign such documents in your name and made appropriate disposition of them.(b)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Company and any person authorized by Company shall have the unlimited, exclusive rights, throughout the world. (i)to manufacture records and video-records in any form and by any method now or hereafter known delivered from the Master Recordings made under this Agreement or during its Term; (ii)to sell, transfer or otherwise deal in the same under any trademarks, trade names and labels, or to refrain from such manufacture, sale and dealing; (iii)to reproduce, adapt and otherwise use those MasterRecordings in any medium or in any manner, including but not limited to use in audiovisual works;(iv)to cause or permit the public performance of suchMaster Recordings, or derivatives thereof through any and all media; and (v)to exploit such Master Recordings and derivatives therefrom through any and all means whether now or hereafter known, all without payment of nay compensation to you except the royalties, if any, which may be expressly prescribed in this Agreement for the use concerned. In the alternative Company may, at its election, refrain from doing any or all of the foregoing.(cont'd in "artistagree2.txt)