PERSONAL MANAGEMENT CONTRACT		PERSONAL MANAGEMENT CONTRACT											Date 								Managers Name					Address					City			State 	zipIn accordance with our conversation, let the following constitute the agreement between us.I hereby engage you to render your services to me as my sole and exclusive personal representative, manager and director of all my personal business and affairs, in all branches of the entertainment industry throughout the world for a period of 			(	) years from the date hereof, and you hereby accept such engagement and agree to render your services to me during and throughout the term hereof.Your duties hereunder are to use all reasonable efforts to further my professional career and business interests and to guide and advise me with respect to my career and to act for me as my advisor and personal manager in all matters concerning our professional interest whenever you are called upon to do so. It is agreed, however, that it is not the intention of this agreement for you to provide employment for me. You are to represent me with any and all booking offices.I understand that you manage and represent other Artists and I hereby agree that you have the right at all times to continue to do so.You shall not be required to devote any specified amount of time in rendering your services, but only such time as you may consider proper and reasonable. It is agreed also that should you travel in my behalf I agree to pay you for your full and complete expenses.As compensation for your services hereunder, I agree to pay you as and when received by me in lieu of salary, a sum equal to (	%) 					 percent of the gross compensation earned or received by me up to and including, ($ 		) 					 per week:									WRITTEN AMOUNTa sum equal to (	%) 						 percent of the gross compensation earned or received by me from, ($ 		) 						 up to and including, ($ 		) 				 per week:				WRITTEN AMOUNTa sum equal to (	%) 						 percent of the gross compensation earned or received by me from, ($ 		) 						 up to and including, ($ 		) 				 per week:				WRITTEN AMOUNTa sum equal to (	%) 						 percent of the gross compensation earned or received by me from, ($ 		) 						 up to and including, ($ 		) 				 per week:				WRITTEN AMOUNTa sum equal to (	%) 						 percent of the gross compensation earned or received by me over, ($ 		) 						 per week;  							WRITTEN AMOUNTduring the term of this agreement and thereafter while I am employed or receive compensation under employments or contracts entered into or negotiated for during the term hereof, and upon renewals or extensions hereof.I hereby irrevocably appoint you my true and lawful attorney during the term of this agreement and any extensions, replacements, renewals or substitutions thereof, in my name to negotiate, consummate, sign, execute and deliver any and all agreements and to alter, modify and terminate and all arrangements whether negotiated, consummated, signed, executed and delivered by you otherwise, to endorse, deposit, sign, make, execute and deliver all checks, drafts, notes and bills of exchange that may be drawn in my name or that may be payable for my services and I hereby give you full power, right and authority to do any and all of the aforementioned act as you shall, in your sole discretion, deem advisable in as full and ample manner as I could do if personally present and I hereby ratify and confirm all that you shall do or cause to be done by reason hereof I understand and agree that your interest and compensation under this agreement shall be a continuing interest and shall not be revocable in any event or for any reason whatsoever for the term of this agreement and any extensions, renewals, replacements or substitutions thereof. This agreement being both a contract and a power of attorney is Intended to create an agency coupled with an interest and the appointment and engagement of you and your right to receive compensation as provided for herein, are the inducements for your entering into this agreement.You have made no representations or promises to me which you have not set forth in this agreement and this agreement contains a full and complete understanding between us.In consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained  and the services rendered and to be rendered hereunder by you, it is agreed that you shall have the right and permission to continue this agreement for an additional period of 				 ( 	) years upon the same terms and conditions herein set forth.This agreement and option shall be considered renewed at the end of the period herein unless I shall receive from you a written notice of your intention to consider this agreement at an end. It is the intention hereof that any questions relating to this agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of 				.Your signature below will constitute this a binding agreement between us.																						LEGAL NAMEAPPROVED:																					PROFESSIONALLY KNOWN AS